Getting Started with the OVM: Simple ERC20 Token Truffle Project
Hi there! Welcome to our OVM ERC20 Truffle tutorial.

If your preferred smart contract testing framework is Waffle, see our OVM ERC20 Waffle tutorial here. If you're interested in writing your first L2-compatible smart contract using Truffle as your smart contract testing framework, then you've come to the right place! This repo serves as an example for how to test running your contracts in the EVM and OVM and how to uncover OVM bugs for the Optimism team to fix.

Prerequisites
node v11.10.1
Set up
To start out, clone this example repo

git clone https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/Truffle-ERC20-Example.git
Now, enter the repository

cd Truffle-ERC20-Example
Install all dependencies

yarn install
To build contracts and run tests in the EVM:

yarn all:evm
To build contracts and run tests in the OVM:

yarn all:ovm
OVM vs. EVM Incompatibilities
Our goal is to bring the OVM as close to 100% compatibility with all existing Ethereum projects, but our software is still in an early stage. This document will maintain the most up to date list of known incompatibilities between the OVM and EVM, along with our plans to fix them.

How to uncover OVM bugs
Most likely, all of your tests will be passing in the EVM, but not all of your tests will be passing in the OVM. We recommend isolating issues by running the single failing tests and commenting out parts of contracts until you narrow down what line(s) of Solidity are causing the discrepancy between the EVM and OVM. Then, hop in our Discord and share the bug you've uncovered and we'll fix it as soon as possible.

Wasn't that easy?
The OVM provides a fresh new take on layer 2 development: it's identical to layer 1 development. No hoops, no tricks--the Ethereum you know and love, ready to scale up with L2. For more info on our progress and what's going on behind the scenes, you can follow us on Twitter and check out our community hub!

Troubleshooting
Example project not working? Create a Github Issue, or hop in our Discord channel and ask away.
